[5158][ADD] sale_end_customer (#32)
qrtl/sfaj-oca: sale_end_customer/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module introduces the partner_end_customer_id field in both sales and invoices, ensuring its propagation from sales orders to invoices.

> Additionally, this field enables grouping in sales and invoice analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module introduces the End Customer field in sales orders and customer invoices.
This field is accounted for in sales and invoice analysis reports.
```
